Step 1
Q1 - The test is useless when we have not a clear vision to the requirement or the specifications are not defined ,
 than we can not be able to test a product within knowing the definition of done .

Q2 - Testing can show that defects are present, but cannot prove that there are no defects. Testing reduces
    the probability of undiscovered defects remaining in the software .

Q3 - Acceptance testing,typically focuses on the behavior and capabilities of a whole system or product , than API unit
 testing focuses on components focuses on components that are separately testable : for example in the bank system
 tester can test the behaviour of transaction as user vision and simulate an action of debiting an account (UI Acceptance testing)
and the other side he can test the transaction has debited by a Api unit test ib the code .

Q4-The main benefit of ISTQB certification is to make tester able to have many basics knowledge in Software Quality and
be able to integrate the word QA community by following the unit ISTQI testing process, but the istqb is not the unique
source of the tester and we have many parts missing as advanced performance tests certification .

Q5- Pros of agile daily in my team at iBanFirst :
 -We have a daily meeting that make us up to date with each work of the scrum team.
 -Good communication and fluidity in developing test cases with BDD and flexing bugs  .
 -Clear and fluid release cycle .
 Cos of agile daily in my team at iBanFirst :
 - We don't respect deadline in some situation

 Q6- Regression testing: is defined as a type of software testing to confirm that a recent program or code change
 has not adversely affected existing features.Regression Testing is nothing but a full or partial or local selection
 of already executed test cases which are re-executed to ensure existing functionalities work fine. regression test is
 a good always a good candidate for automation.

Q7 -
 - Gitlab (experience in iBanFirst): se GitLab CI/CD to catch bugs and errors early in the development cycle. Ensure
that all the code deployed to production complies with the code standards you established for your app but we have issue
with Testing the merged state of a branch isn't likely before the actual merge happened

- Azure Pipeline (experience in Tessan ) : Azure Pipelines automatically builds and tests code projects to make them
available to others. It works with just about any language or project type. Azure Pipelines combines continuous
 integration (CI) and continuous delivery (CD) to test and build your code and ship it to any target but his still in
 exclusive use for Microsoft Product

 Q8 - Gherkin is a syntax for BDD and Cucumber is a tool that supports Behaviour-Driven Development(BDD).
Than the BDD (Behaviour-Driven Development)  is an approach that consists on defining the behavior of a feature through
 examples in plain text. These examples are defined before the development starts and are used as acceptance criteria.
  They are part of the definition of done

 Q9 - 1- ID Locator is the safest "id ="
      2- CSSSelector Locator #loginButton
      3- XPath Locator //input[@id="login_btn